README.md, before:

# _Tamagothchi_
## _By: Celeste Field and Chisato Murakami_
## Description

_This application will build a tamagothchi character and will require us to fed, play and allow it to sleep for differenct variables of time._

## Setup


* _Clone repository from Github: https://github.com/fieldceleste/tamagotchi-week6.git_
* _Open the repository folder in the terminal_
* _Enter $ npm install_
* _Open in editor (i.e. Visual Studio Code)_
* _Enter $ npm test in terminal_

## Known Bugs
_No known bugs at this time_ 


## Technology

* _JavaScript_
* _HTML_
* _CSS_
* _Bootstrap_
* _jQuery_
* _Git_
* _GitHub_
* _npm_
* _Node_
* _Jest_
* _Webpack_
* _Babel_


## Specs

|Behavior|Input|Output|
| :-----|:-----|:-----|
| spec1: set food level to 0 when it is created (press start button?) |:-----|:-----|
| spec2: when fed, level goes up to 10.|:-----|:-----|
| spec3: food level decreases 1level every 3 minutes (may vary) |:-----|:-----|
| spec4: when the food level is less than 3, shows alert. |:-----|:-----|
| spec5: when the food level is 0, game over. |:-----|:-----|


## Legal

#### MIT License

### Copyright (c) 2020 Celeste Field and Chisato Murakami

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

pass test for sleep levels at 0

README.md, after:

# _Tamagothchi_
## _By: Celeste Field and Chisato Murakami_
## Description

_This application will build a tamagothchi character and will require us to fed, play and allow it to sleep for differenct variables of time._

## Setup


* _Clone repository from Github: https://github.com/fieldceleste/tamagotchi-week6.git_
* _Open the repository folder in the terminal_
* _Enter $ npm install_
* _Open in editor (i.e. Visual Studio Code)_
* _Enter $ npm test in terminal_

## Known Bugs
_No known bugs at this time_ 


## Technology

* _JavaScript_
* _HTML_
* _CSS_
* _Bootstrap_
* _jQuery_
* _Git_
* _GitHub_
* _npm_
* _Node_
* _Jest_
* _Webpack_
* _Babel_


## Specs

|Behavior|Input|Output|
| :-----|:-----|:-----|
| spec1: set food level to 10 when it is created (press start button?) |:-----|:-----|
| spec2: when fed, level goes up to 10.|:-----|:-----|
| spec3: food level decreases 1level every 3 minutes (may vary) |:-----|:-----|
| spec4: when the food level is less than 3, shows alert. |:-----|:-----|
| spec5: when the food level is 0, game over. |:-----|:-----|
| spec6: set sleep level to 10 when it is created (press start button?) |:-----|:-----|
| spec6: when we let tamagotchi sleep, refill sleep level |:-----|:-----|




## Legal

#### MIT License

### Copyright (c) 2020 Celeste Field and Chisato Murakami

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
